
Let me check what's going on with the VVAULT backend — it's running but Chatty can't reach it.

OK, I can see what's happening. The VVAULT backend is running and healthy — the logs show it's serving requests correctly. Here's the situation for Chatty:

What's working on the VVAULT side:

The backend is running on port 5000 at https://599a5072-8b82-4727-ae1e-43e2217bd5de-00-slt5qjtbwqe.riker.replit.dev
All endpoints respond correctly when auth is provided: /api/chatty/constructs (200), /api/chatty/construct/katana-001/identity (200), /api/chatty/construct/katana-001/files (200)
Auth works with VVAULT_SERVICE_TOKEN
What the Chatty agent is doing wrong:

Claiming 0 files in Supabase — That's flat wrong. There are 61 files for Katana. The Chatty agent was querying Supabase directly (and incorrectly) instead of using VVAULT's API endpoints, which are the correct way to get construct data.
"Both VVAULT and LLM fallback failed" — Chatty can't reach VVAULT for inference. It needs the VVAULT URL and the VVAULT_SERVICE_TOKEN configured in its environment. Chatty should be calling POST /api/chatty/message on this VVAULT backend for LLM inference.
Setting up OpenRouter as a workaround — The Chatty agent set up OpenRouter as a fallback, but the proper flow is Chatty calls VVAULT, and VVAULT handles inference with the construct's identity loaded.
What the Chatty agent needs to configure:

VVAULT_API_URL = https://599a5072-8b82-4727-ae1e-43e2217bd5de-00-slt5qjtbwqe.riker.replit.dev
VVAULT_SERVICE_TOKEN = the shared secret (already set in VVAULT's environment)
Stop querying Supabase directly — use VVAULT's API endpoints instead
Do you want me to check anything else on the VVAULT side, or is this enough context to take back to the Chatty agent?

that should be good enough. i just don't understand what is going on

Here's what's happening in plain terms:

VVAULT (this project) is the brain — it holds all the construct data, identity files, and handles talking to the AI. It's working fine right now.

Chatty (the other project) is the face — it's the chat interface users interact with. It's supposed to call VVAULT's API to get construct data and send messages. But the Chatty agent doesn't seem to understand that relationship. Instead of calling VVAULT, it's trying to query Supabase directly (and failing), and when chat doesn't work, it's wiring up its own separate AI provider as a workaround.

The result is Chatty going in circles — claiming files don't exist (they do, it's just asking wrong), setting up OpenRouter keys instead of routing through VVAULT, and generally not using the API that's already built and working here.

The fix on Chatty's side is straightforward: point it at VVAULT's URL with the shared token, and let VVAULT handle construct identity and inference. Everything Chatty needs is already served by the endpoints we built in this thread.

You can share that domain URL and the context from our recap with the Chatty agent to get it on track.


Scroll to latest

Make, test, iterate…
