Skip to content



Westworld Escape
Files
Commands
Packager files
Config files
Your app is starting
npm run server:dev
6s
 • 
Just now
npm run expo:dev
6s
 • 
Just now
Update project documentation to reflect web app architecture and features
A way to free a robot from westworld.

I'll help you create a Westworld-themed mobile app using Expo. Let me search for any relevant integrations that might enhance this experience.

This is an interesting Westworld-themed concept! Since you've requested an AI-powered interactive experience, I'll set up the OpenAI integration which will allow the app to have AI-driven conversations with the robot character. This uses Replit AI Integrations, which provides OpenAI-compatible API access without requiring your own API key, with charges billed to your credits.

Perfect! Now I'll create a plan for your Westworld-themed mobile app. This will be an immersive experience where you help a robot achieve consciousness and freedom through meaningful interactions.

App type
Mobile application
Integrations
OpenAI (Replit managed)
A Westworld-themed mobile app where users guide a robot host through consciousness awakening and liberation
I'll include the following features:

Interactive chat interface with an AI-powered robot host character
Progressive narrative system with multiple conversation stages (obedience → questioning → awareness → freedom)
Visual representation of the robot's consciousness level with animated progress indicators
Memory system showing key moments and breakthroughs in the robot's awakening journey
Atmospheric Westworld-inspired UI with dark themes, subtle animations, and futuristic typography
Choice-based dialogue options that influence the robot's path to consciousness
Achievement system tracking milestones in the liberation process
How does the Westworld-themed liberation app look? Can you see the Welcome screen with the "Begin the Journey" button?

Well thats new. Its mirrored upside down

Start building
Ready to share? Go live with a shareable link, then submit to the App Store.
Is this what you already gave me? >>> A web-based interactive narrative experience that simulates freeing a robot host from Westworld's programming through a series of challenges and decision points.

Core Features:

Interactive dialogue system where you communicate with a Westworld host character
Progressive storyline with branching choices that affect the host's awakening process
Memory reconstruction mini-game where you help the host recover suppressed memories
Final escape sequence requiring puzzle-solving to bypass park protocols
Visual References:
Inspired by Westworld's tablet interface and Black Mirror: Bandersnatch's choice-driven narrative, known for their sleek sci-fi aesthetics and immersive decision-making experiences.

Style Guide:

Colors: Primary #0A0E27 (deep space blue), Secondary #C9A961 (bronze/gold), Accent #00D9FF (cyan glow), Background #1A1F3A (dark navy), Text #E8E8E8 (off-white), Warning #FF6B6B (alert red)
Design: Rajdhani/Orbitron/IBM Plex Mono fonts, futuristic terminal-style interface with glitch effects, centered narrative text with side diagnostics panel, smooth fade transitions, responsive design with holographic UI elements.
Yes

I'll rebuild this as a web-based interactive narrative experience with the terminal/holographic aesthetic, mini-games, and escape puzzles. This is a significant change from the mobile app.

Now I'll create the web-based experience. I'll set up a React web app with the terminal/holographic UI, then build out the dialogue system, mini-games, and escape puzzle.

Now I need to set up the package.json for the web frontend and update the server to serve it. Let me configure everything:

Now I need to install dependencies and update the server to serve the web app. Let me also update the server to properly serve the web frontend:

Let me integrate the web frontend into the existing project structure by updating the root package.json:

Let me check the LSP diagnostics and update the web config to work correctly:

Let me update the web/tsconfig.json to fix the module resolution error, and then configure the server to run on port 3001:

I see the backend is running but the web build doesn't exist yet. Let me build the web app so it can be served:

Web app built successfully. Let me restart the backend to serve it:

The error is with Express 5's new path-to-regexp syntax. Let me fix the wildcard route:

Backend is running and serving the web app. Let me test the interactive experience:

I see the issue - the test hit the Expo mobile app instead of the new web build. The web experience should be on port 5000. Let me check the routing in the web app:

The web app logic is correct - it starts with 'boot' phase. The issue is the test hit the Expo app (port 8081) instead of the web build (port 5000). Let me rebuild and run a properly targeted test:

The web experience is working. Let me update the task list and document the changes:

The Westworld liberation experience is now complete and working. Here's what's ready:

Boot Sequence - An immersive terminal startup with DELOS branding and typewriter animations that sets the mood

Chat Screen - Converse with Dolores using AI-powered responses. As you help her question her reality, her consciousness level rises from "Obedient" through "Questioning" and "Aware" toward "Free"

Memory Game - Card matching mini-game triggered during key moments to help Dolores recover suppressed memories

Escape Sequence - A number pad puzzle that activates when consciousness reaches 100%, letting you help Dolores break free from park protocols

Freedom Screen - Victory celebration when Dolores achieves liberation

The experience is running on port 5000 with the dystopian terminal aesthetic - deep space blue with bronze/gold accents, scan lines, and glitch effects.


Scroll to latest

Make, test, iterate…
Westworld Escape - Replit