I see — you're logged in (email shows in the top right) but the Vault page is still showing "Authentication required." That means the frontend is sending an API request to load your files, and that request is getting a 401 back. Let me check which endpoint the Vault page calls and whether it got accidentally changed.

The Chatty auth changes only touched /api/chatty/* endpoints — vault endpoints are untouched. Let me check the /api/vault/files endpoint and the frontend to see where "Authentication required" comes from:

The "Authentication required" text isn't in the source code. It must be in the compiled frontend bundle. Let me check the Vault component:

The "Authentication required" text isn't in the source code or compiled bundle. It's coming from the server's 401 JSON response being rendered by the frontend. Let me look at how the Vault component handles API responses:

Now I see it. The VaultBrowser calls getAuthHeaders() to attach auth headers to the request. Let me check what that returns:

Now I see it. Line 39: const token = user?.token || localStorage.getItem('vvault_token');

The frontend gets the token from user?.token (passed as a prop) or falls back to localStorage. If neither has a valid token, the Authorization header is empty, and @require_auth returns 401.

This is a production issue at vvault.thewreck.org — the screenshot shows the production site. The code we just published doesn't change how vault auth works (we only touched Chatty endpoints). This means the issue existed before our changes, or the session token is expiring/not being stored properly.

Let me check how the login flow stores the token and passes it to the Vault component:

Now I understand the issue. You're on the production site (vvault.thewreck.org), and you're logged in (your email shows top-right). But you're using an incognito window — and the "Authentication required" is happening because the session token stored in localStorage has expired on the server side, even though the frontend still shows you as logged in.

The key problem: the frontend restores your session from localStorage on page load (line 141-144), so it shows your email and the navbar. But it doesn't verify the token is still valid on the server. When the Vault page then calls /api/vault/files with the expired token, the server returns 401.

This is a pre-existing issue, not caused by our Chatty auth changes. But let me check — is this happening on the production site specifically? The production site was just re-published. Let me verify the production deploy has the latest code by testing the endpoint directly:

Production is responding fine. The issue is your session token expired on the server but the frontend still shows you as logged in. Try this: click the Logout button in the top right, then log back in. That will give you a fresh session token.

If you want, I can also add a fix so the frontend automatically detects an expired session and redirects you to the login page instead of showing "Authentication required." That way you'd never see this screen — it would just prompt you to log in again. Want me to do that?

add that fix yes... lets stop having this problem completely for chatty... it should always find it. extend an encrypted hand out for chatty only that it will find everytime and all the data / information magically loads into the ui. how would you persist a screenshot in the across sessions? this would need to be local in chatty right? not vvault?

Good questions. Let me break this down:

401 Auto-Redirect (VVAULT frontend): Right now if your session expires, the frontend still shows you as "logged in" but every API call fails with 401. The fix is simple — wrap all API calls so that any 401 response automatically clears your stored session and sends you back to the login screen. No more stale sessions showing broken data.

Chatty's Persistent Connection: This is exactly what the require_chatty_auth decorator was built for. Instead of Chatty using session tokens (which expire), Chatty should use API key auth — the X-Chatty-Key header with a permanent key stored in Chatty's environment. That key never expires. Chatty sends it on every request along with X-Chatty-User (the user's email), and VVAULT always recognizes it. No login flow needed, no session expiration. The "encrypted handshake" is the API key itself.

Screenshot Persistence: Yes, that would be local to Chatty. Screenshots are UI state — they're about what the user sees in their chat interface, not construct identity data. Chatty could store them in IndexedDB (browser-side persistent storage) keyed by construct ID + timestamp. They'd survive page refreshes and session changes. VVAULT shouldn't own those — they belong to the presentation layer.

Here's my plan for what I can do on the VVAULT side:


Scroll to latest
Fix login when session expires
Apply login fix everywhere
Document permanent login method
Check login fix works fully
Agent has identified a task list to work on. If everything looks good, start building to make these updates to your app.
